The Oxford Tolkien Society, or Taruithorn (Tolkien's elvish name for Oxford), is a student-run society within the University of Oxford. Founded in 1990 by Sarah Wells (née Sturch), our main purpose is to further interest and enjoyment in the life and works of the late Professor J.R.R. Tolkien, C.B.E., all while having fun (and plenty of free cake!). See our Facebook page!
During term, we meet every Friday, usually in Christ Church. Our meetings take a variety of forms, but all are fun and sociable and include food provided by our Lembas Reps. The current termcard has more information on our planned meetings. Common events in previous years include:
In Michaelmas - The Freshers' Moot drinks evening, a Tolkien's Oxford tour, a Trial (or, more recently, election debate), and the Gandalf's Fireworks party.
In Hilary - Most of the events focus on preparation for the Varsity Quiz against our counterparts in Cambridge, Minas Tirith, or our biggest annual event, the Society Banquet.
In Trinity - A large variety of outdoors events, including outdoor games, the Golfimbul BBQ, the Strawberry Party, and plenty of punting.
General meetings throughout the year include video meetings, crafts events, dramatic readings, or games evenings.
Number and content of events this Michaelmas will likely be modified to accommodate online formats, but we’d do our best to retain as many usual elements as possible despite the possible limitation on offline meet-ups.
One question we are frequently asked is how big a fan you need to be to attend society meetings - the answer is that everyone is welcome, from those who have read the Silmarillion multiple times, to those who have just seen the films, or maybe only have a budding interest in the works of J.R.R. Tolkien. Taruithorn has no entry requirements: we simply want people to come along and have fun - if you happen to learn something new about Tolkien along the way, all the better!
The running of the society is organised by the committee. The committee is elected by the society at the AGM every Hilary, and all members of the society are invited to come and exercise their democratic right and have their say on the running of the society.
Miruvor, our society magazine, is now published in a digital format as a blog here and submissions are welcomed by the editor - see the blog for details. Some old issues are held in digital form in our Digital Archive, while others exist as paper copies in the Society Archive, accessible on request.
Our Digital Archive holds a variety of important or interesting documents, including the constitution, past termcards and varsity quiz questions, old issues of Miruvor, the society's list of Heroes, and the old version of this website, which was overhauled in 2013.
For more information please refer to our website: http://users.ox.ac.uk/~tolksoc/index.html.
To contact the society, or to sign up to one of the mailing lists, please email us at taruithorn@gmail.com.