Q: What does the Broad Street Humanities Review do?
A: We are a student-run, undergraduate humanities journal that publish termly journal issues centred on a particular theme. During term time, we also run events that explore the theme from an interdisciplinary perspective. This Michaelmas, we have a line-up of fascinating speaker's events, including a workshop on the value of cultural heritage, panel on literary and visual culture in the climate crisis, a speaker's event on the nature of power in International Relations, and a Nature vs. Nurture debate, which feature leading experts from various academic fields in the humanities. 

Q: How has your society adapted to the COVID-19 crisis?
A: All our events will be virtual for Michaelmas term, and held over Zoom - the upside of this is that the virtual platform has allowed us to host speakers from universities all over the world! Moreover, we will be holding virtual training sessions for our writers and editors, and the journal will be digitally published. 

Q: Where can I find more information about your society?
A: Follow our Facebook Page (@BroadStreetHumanitiesReview) for the latest updates on our events and information about our journal, and visit our website (https://broadstreethumanitiesreview.com) to read our past journal issues and listen to our podcast series that we recorded over the summer vac! Sign up for our mailing list at tinyurl.com/BSHR-mailing-list-signup to receive regular updates and exclusive reading recommendations from the committee in your inbox, and email broadstreethumanitiesreview@gmail.com if you have any questions for us. 

Q: Do I have to pay to attend your events? 
A: No, our events are free and accessible to all! We welcome students from all years and subjects to our events. 

Q: Can I submit an article or creative piece that has been published elsewhere for the journal? 
A: The Broad Street Humanities Review only accepts original articles and creative pieces that are relevant to the journal's theme. We hope that every article/piece in our journal is the product of a fruitful collaboration between the writers and editors of the BSHR. 

Q: Can I write for the BSHR even though I do not study a humanities-related degree, or a degree specific to the research topic that I am interested to write about?
A: Yes, core to the BSHR's aim is to provide substantial support during the editing process to allow all writers to develop their ideas into mature, sophisticated and formal articles which showcase our original scholarship. 

Q: Can I be both a writer and editor in the same journal issue?
A: Of course! It's a fascinating experience to be on both sides of the process, and we encourage you to do so.