Q: What is Project Access and what do we do? 
A: We’re a student-led, global non-profit organisation founded in 2016. At Project Access, we believe that the current university application system must change and the playing field must be levelled for underprivileged students.  
Here’s how we do this: 
1. 1-1 mentorship: This is our core. Mentors work closely with mentees by accompanying them through the application process, providing advice and support along the way. Our mentors receive training and have access to our bank of resources to assist in their mentorship (e.g. a guide to conduct mock interviews). 
2. Classes: Every mentee joins a class of fellow applicants, enabling our mentees to form friendships before university and to have access to webinars and written resources to further support their application (e.g. a guide for their referee). 
3. Access Academy: our newest initiative, is aimed at students at the pre-application stage and provides resources such as blogs and webinars to give insight into the application process and what life is like at a top university. 
4. Bootcamps: We organise bootcamps in various countries where applicants come together for workshops and trainings. 

Q: How can I help? 
A: Become a mentor! You will help an aspiring applicant by providing them with encouragement, application support and tips and tricks to navigate the application process. Through our pairing system, we will try our best to pair you with a mentee applying from the same country as you and for the same course at the same university, meaning you will be best placed to assist in their application.  
With just 1-2 hours a month, this is a low commitment but hugely impactful role in which you can empower underprivileged applicants, help them achieve their full potential and advance the cause of equal opportunity and access in education.  
Sign up today to become a mentor: https://projectaccess.org/become-a-mentor 

Q: How do I benefit from being a mentor? 
A: 1. Make a difference in a mentee’s life (imagine the support you wish you had when you decided where to study or how to write your personal statement – or perhaps you had the support yourself but feel frustrated that so many don’t!) 
2. Develop your interpersonal skills 
3. Join a network of 2000+ active mentors around the world and across some of the world’s best universities.  
4. Gain access to regular events such as mentor socials and exclusive careers events with panellists from high-profile firms (past examples include ‘Breaking into Finance’ and ‘How to get an Internship’). 
Q: Who will I be helping by joining Project Access? 
A: Our program is entirely free for students, thanks to our volunteers, donors and partners. In turn, we promise to offer our program to the students who need it.  
Students are deemed eligible for our program if they can prove that they are facing barriers in at least one of the following four categories: 
- Socio-economics: e.g. if they’re the first in their family to go to university or come from a low-income family 
- Demographics: e.g. if they come from a small city or from an immigrant community 
- Geography: e.g. if they come from a region where few students go abroad to study at top universities 
- Information and support: e.g. if their school does not offer a lot of support

Q: Can I become even more involved, besides being a mentor? 
A: Absolutely! Read about our open positions here (and apply!): https://projectaccess.org/join-our-team 
Here’s also an overview of our Teams: 
- Campus Teams: Our community heroes! They are responsible for recruiting and training our fantastic mentors, and ensures that everyone in PA are included and feels like they are a part of our trailblazer community.
- Country Teams: They focus on supporting the students who need our help! They build long-lasting partnership with schools and corporate partners to grow our mission and create fantastic events for our mentees, such as bootcamps and workshops. This is hands-on work and truly inspiring teams to work with.
- Global Teams: To support our amazing campus and country teams, we have our global teams to develop the backbone of operations. We support through IT services, Talent development, entrepreneurial product management, and creative marketing!