Q: Why Join the Oxford Union?
A: A place at Oxford like no other. We are most famous for our weekly debates, where students are joined by top professionals and academics, ultimately being judged by you, and our speakers, every term we work to ensure that some of the world’s most influential people come and share their expertise. Beyond even that, our library provides a private space to study, and access to book sometimes unavailable in college libraries, and our bar together with our many events make us a brilliant place to socialise and unwind.

Q: How can I Join?
A: You can purchase membership directly from our website (https://www.oxford-union.org/joining/join), or by visiting us at our premises. Please be sure to check whether you are eligible for Access Membership, or consider paying by instalments, as we are committed to extend the benefits of union membership to as many students as possible. 

Q: Who comes to speak to the Union?
A: What sets us apart from other societies is the calibre of speakers that we successfully attract every term. We have hosted visits from UK Prime Ministers including Theresa May – and David Cameron in the coming term - to US sitting Presidents Reagan, Nixon, and Carter, to celebrities such as Morgan Freeman, sporting legends like Diego Maradona, pioneers in science as Prof. Stephen Hawking, activists like Tarana Burke, and business leaders in Peter Thiel. You will be able to see all of these term’s speakers in our termcard, released online today and delivered to you on Thursday.

Q: How is Covid affecting the Union?
A: Naturally we have had to change how we operate to adapt to this term. Our biggest loss will be the union ball, often a highlight of the term, though we hope to bring it back in Hilary. We are putting measures in place so that we can continue to provide the best possible experience to our members, including strict capacity limits on our in-person events, compulsory mask-wearing, hand santiser stations, temperature checks, and one-way systems. We currently plan on holding a mixture of in-person and online events, but are constantly weary of changing guidelines and best practices, and will continue to give more info closer to each event.