Q: How do I sign up to audition?
A: Please fill in this form, which has all the details: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdbZaxCDdUe2xrNTVxRersz8wSM88AQINZ9mOFMNThzJ6Gmng/viewform

Q: How big is the choir?
A: We're aiming to have 24 singers this year.

Q: What voice parts are you looking for?
A: All of them! We're especially short on altos this year.

Q: What's the time commitment during the term?
A: In normal times, we sing three services per week: on Tuesday and Friday at 6.15 PM with rehearsal at 5.00 PM prior to each, then Sunday at 6.00 PM with rehearsal beginning at 4.15 PM. There is also a 90 minute midweek rehearsal on Wednesdays from 6.30 PM. In Michaelmas 2020 due to COVID restrictions, instead of singing three services per week, every member of the choir will sing two: one with the full choir but no congregation, with masks and distanced at two metres throughout the chapel which will be recorded and broadcast online; the second a part of a quartet with a live congregation (also distanced at two metres with masks). The quartet services happen daily except for Wednesday and Saturday.

Q: What does an audition look like?
A: We try to keep it fairly informal. You'll prepare a piece of your choosing (any genre, memorisation not required), then we'll ask you to do some basic vocal exercises to test your range, and we'll end with some sight-reading. The whole thing takes about 10 minutes, and we're offering both in-person auditions in the College Chapel during Freshers' Week, or online via Zoom.
Q: What kind of music do you sing?
A: A bit of everything, really. The Anglican cathedral tradition is at the heart of what we do — lots of Stanford, Howells, Byrd, etc. — but we also perform a lot of music from the broader Western tradition like Bach, Palestrina, Mozart, etc. We also frequently sing pieces by those who were marginalised during their lifetimes, namely BAME, women, and LGBTQ+ composers. Being an academic institution, we also premiere at least one new work per term, often by graduate composition students at the Faculty of Music.

Q: Do you have any special events outside of Oxford this year?
A: Absolutely! This summer we're taking a tour to Saxony to sing in the churches where Bach, Martin Luther, and Mendelssohn were active. In Hilary term (February 2021) we'll sing evensong at St Paul's Cathedral in London as a guest choir.