Q: What does InsideUni do? 
A: Our mission is to provide trustworthy application advice that we wish we'd had. Figuring out university applications whilst studying is a pain. It’s unfair that some people have to do this alone, and others have help. That's why we aim to offer concise, reliable information from recent or current students.

Q: Why do you do it?
A: Not every Oxford or Cambridge applicant has equal support, nor do all applicants have a teacher or friend for guidance. As a current student, you can help us change that. The aim is to make the system fairer by demystifying the process for those without access to first-hand advice.

Q: Is InsideUni free? 
A: InsideUni is a free website providing online advice without any charge. Everything we do is produced by volunteer students like you to make that possible.

Q: How can I get involved?
A: Fill in this Google Form (https://tinyurl.com/InsideUni-2020) to share your interview experience - we can make this public and make sure everyone goes into the application process with the information they need to do themselves justice. If that doesn’t work, go to our Get Involved page (https://insideuni.org/get-involved/) and click the “Share your advice” button.

Q: What if I want to do more?
A: You can get involved at all sorts of areas with different levels of work and commitment. We are currently editing people’s interview experience testimonies so that they are fit to go on our website (e.g. clarifying terms like “tutor”, and making sure that no specific interview questions are shared), and you can help us with this by joining InsideUni Working Group - Oxford (2020-21) on Facebook! We also have teams who are involved in written and video content, social media, web design, and extending our reach, which you can become a part of.

Q: What impact have you had?
A: The testimony on our website has been viewed by nearly 20,000 prospective applicants from more than 100 countries. Members of our current team include students who got into Oxbridge using our advice.

Q: Where can we find you online?
A: Our website with application advice and interview testimony is at https://www.insideuni.org/. We are also on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube, where we have live Q&As with different groups of students.