Q: How does it work...?
A: This is almost always the first question people ask. The sport itself is a mix of Handball, Dodgeball and Rugby. Each team has 3 chasers, who try to throw a ball (the Quaffle) through the opposing hoops,1 keeper, who defends the hoops, and 2 beaters, who throw dodgeballs (the Bludgers) at enemy players, taking them out of the game for a short time. Finally, each team has 1 seeker who comes into play after 18mins and tries to catch the Snitch, which ends the game. The Snitch itself is a bit like tag-rugby, where the seekers have to remove a tennis ball in a sock velcroed to the back of an unbiased person's shorts. And of course, all of this is done on "brooms", which are 3 foot plastic tubes that you have to hold between your legs at all times. 
This is quite a long answer, but the best way to find out what it's actually like is to come and try it out for yourself.

Q: When and where do you train, and is there a particular training that is fresher friendly?
A: We usually train in the Oxford University Parks on Wednesdays and Sundays from 2pm to 4pm. You can find many more details on our website, facebook and other socials medias. We have some taster sessions in the next couple weeks so you can come and give it a go! However, new people will always be welcome to join in with any one of our trainings.

Q: What if I haven't really done any sport before university?
A: Quidditch is the perfect sport to start at uni because no one has ever done it before! So you don't need to worry about trying out or embarrassing yourself or having to play with people who played since they were 6, because everyone is welcome and everyone starts on the same level. Naturally there are lots of transferable skills from other sports, such as basic throwing and catching, but those can be picked up relatively quickly.

Q: What if I don't think I could commit time or money to the club and just want to train for fun occasionally?
A: You will always be welcome at trainings even if you don't want to go to any tournaments. No one will expect you to turn up regularly if that is what you would like to do. We all have busy lives so feel free to come along and have a laugh. In terms of money, we cost (almost no) money: the club membership is free for your first term and is only £10 per term or £25 per year after that, so the club is one of the cheapest sports clubs in the uni. This money is then used to subsidise tournament costs for players and maintain the club equipment.

Q: Is the sport mixed gender?
A: Not only are quidditch teams mixed gender, it is multi-gender in that players play as the gender they choose and identify as. You can then have at most 4 players of any one gender on pitch at the same time, for example 4 female players, 2 male players and 1 non-binary player.

Q: How much does it cost?
A: Your first term is free! After that, membership costs £10 per term or £25 for the year. We would normally have regular tournaments we would go to which cost a little extra, but those won't be happening until at least after Christmas.

Q: How are things happening with Covid?
A: There are three things Coronavirus has changed for us, tournaments, trainings and socials. Having to organise safely playing a contact sport in times of Covid is not easy. There won't be any of the tournaments we would have expected to go to until at least after Christmas, and it is unclear in what respect they will be held. We have also gone to great lengths to make sure our trainings and taster sessions will be Covid safe, with the help of guidelines from the government and Quidditch UK. Our socials have moved to online socials rather than in person socials, but we are going to try to have a couple of big socials in person.