Q: What does OCJC do?
A: The Oxford Climate Justice Campaign is a student activist group focused on cutting ties between the university and fossil fuel sector, and acting in solidarity with the frontline communities most affected by climate change. We go about this by a mixture of lobbying, protesting and peaceful direct actions, and recently got the central university to agree to divest its’ endowment from fossil fuels. We also work together with other intersectional student campaigns from time to time. 

Q: What do you want to achieve?
A: Although the central university is now divesting from fossil fuels, there are still many colleges with investments into them, and those are far from the only links. We want the university and colleges to immediately cut all ties with the sector, including accepting funding/donations, advertising jobs in fossil fuel companies, or doing research for them- among other things.

Q: What’s climate justice?
A: Climate justice is a framework for looking at the climate crisis that focuses on the injustices caused by climate change and fossil fuel extraction, and demands solutions to the crisis that put the needs and human rights of marginalised communities first. It focuses on the fact those least responsible for the crisis will be most affected by it, and brings to light and challenges things such as the colonialism and violations of indigenous rights involved in oil extraction, while challenging greenwashing that lets oil companies off the hook or blames the global poor for their own oppression.

Q: What are OCJC’s values more broadly?
A: OCJC is radical, democratic, non-hierarchical, dynamic, acts in solidarity with the communities most affected by climate change, and is LGBTQ+ affirming, egalitarian, anti-racist and intersectional (that is, we think the liberation of different marginalised groups are mutually bound together). Our core focus is on the justice aspect of climate justice, and the intersection between climate change and social justice.

Q: Sounds cool, how do I get involved?
A: Put your name down on the sign-up sheet to join our mailing lists and get details of when we have our main meetings, which we use to plan actions, discuss what we want to focus our campaigning efforts on, organise in other ways and the like. In the past we usually met on Wednesday 6pm for around an hour with a social afterwards during term time and did most other organising on Slack. Due to COVID, our meetings are going to be virtual for the foreseeable future, sign up to the mailing list and join the Slack to get the meeting details.