Q: What is the University Officers' Training Corps?
A: The UOTC is an Army Reserve unit that only university students can join. We complete basic army officer training, have our own sports teams which compete against local and university teams, go on adventurous training, as well as hosting various social events and dinners throughout the year. For all of this, you'll be paid for your time with no commitment to joining the Army afterwards.

Q: Will training still be happening next year?
A: We are still open and training is currently planned to continue in person, but socially distanced. Our sports teams are still training and competing, and adventurous training is still planned for the upcoming year (including trips overseas). This is, of course, all subject to changes in government guidance but we plan to be open and operating as normally as possible.

Q: Do I have to join the British Army afterwards?
A: No, there is absolutely no commitment to joining the Army after you leave OTC and you can't be deployed anywhere whilst with us. You can come and get involved, enjoy your time and then leave whenever you wish.

Q: Is there a minimum time commitment?
A: No, there is no minimum time commitment. You can get involved as much or as little as you want.

Q: How often do you train?
A: We meet every Tuesday evening between 7-9pm near the station (around 10 mins walk from the city centre). We also have training weekends normally every other week during term time, and then longer camps during Easter and Summer, as well as adventurous training trips. Again, you can turn up to as much or as little as you want.

Q: How much do you get paid?
A: Pay starts off at £42 a day but can increase over your time with us.

Q: What are the joining requirements?
A: To join, you must be a student currently studying at university, and a British or Irish Citizen or a member of the Commonwealth with indefinite leave to remain. You also need to pass the Army medical; you can do that with us on one of our joining days. More information on the medical requirements is available here: https://apply.army.mod.uk/how-to-join/can-i-join/medical#which-medical-conditions-will-stop-me-joining?

Q: I'm interested, what should I do next?
A: Fill in an expression of interest form (https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=7WB3vlNZS0iuldChbfoJ5RJJJiRlRAVGqGqfUk-EDJpUNUhDMklXVEpRQ0wzMjNIUDk2OFNMN1NFSC4u) and come and visit us on our open evening on Wednesday 21st October, 6pm at Falklands House, Oxpens Road, OX1 1RX.

If you have any more questions or just want to find out more, please chat to us on the Teams meeting and come to our open evening!