Q: What’s the weekly time commitment?
A: One hour of tutoring a week during term time, so it can easily fit around your academic work and other activities! Additionally, when we resume face-to-face tutoring, you will have to travel no more than 30 minutes by your preferred mode of transport to reach your pupil--we want to keep it simple for you!

Q: What’s the registration process?
A: All volunteers must complete an Enhanced DBS check (paid for by Jacari), go through our training process (which includes a virtual Safeguarding Training, Volunteer Induction, and Tutoring Training--in total, just about 2.5 hours), and provide a character reference. If you are an international student, the process may look slightly different for you--contact our Lead Coordinator at oxford@jacari.org to find out more!

Q: I have no teaching experience. Can I still sign up?
A: Yes! Our Tutoring Training should give you ideas of how you can structure your lessons, but you also have a lot of freedom to be creative--the main thing is to understand the needs of your pupil and to help them gain confidence in their English. We also have a library of teaching materials and games at our office on Cowley Road as well as loads of digital resources on our website!

Q: Do I need to know a foreign language to tutor?
A: Not at all! Lots of our volunteers only speak English and most of our volunteers do not speak the first language of their pupil. This is completely fine and you will still be able to provide amazing tuition regardless. 

Q: How will teaching work this year?
A: Due to current circumstances, all volunteer tutoring will be online this autumn and using Moodle, a virtual learning platform. If the situation improves, we may resume face-to-face teaching next term, but this is uncertain for now.

Q: What does a typical Jacari lesson look like?
A: It’s up to you! Jacari’s virtual training sessions will give you lots of tips and ideas for structuring your teaching, but you can use Jacari’s worksheets and resources in any way that works for you and your pupil. You can also use external resources! 
Typically, volunteers do anything from playing games to doing worksheets to reading with their pupils. Lessons are supposed to be fun and flexible--not just an extension of the school day!

Q: How can Jacari help me in my future career?
A: Once you complete 16 hours of tutoring (the minimum we ask you to do over the course of 1 year so we make sure each pupil is well supported), we can provide you with a certificate of your teaching commitment and the Lead Coordinator will be happy to write you personal references for job and internship applications! Your work with Jacari looks great on your CV even if you’re not looking to head into a career in education or teaching.

Q: Where can I learn more about Jacari?
A: You can find us on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and LinkedIn at ‘Jacari Oxford’ or check out our website: www.jacari.org. Feel free to reach out to our Co-Presidents as well (Ray Cheung and Nailah Ranjan at oxford.presidents@jacari.org), any other members of our Student Committee, or our Lead Coordinator (oxford@jacari.org). 

Q: What kind of social events does Jacari run?
A: Jacari runs several kids events per term, which you can attend with your pupil. These may be crafts, parties or bowling. We also run volunteer events, such as open mic nights, and quizzes. Though in-person events will not be happening this term we will be putting on several online events.