Q: What exactly is the Oxford Alpha Fund?
A: Founded in 2017, the Oxford Alpha Fund aims to be the premier student investment fund in the United Kingdom. We conduct financial valuation of companies, publish industry and equity research reports and conduct termly stock pitches to a panel of industry professionals from top firms such as J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Fidelity International and Capital Group. 
With a strong emphasis on training and development, we organise programs such as our Investing Bootcamp, a 6-week crash course in accounting, foundational modelling, and financial analysis taught by our alumni at leading firms like J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Morgan Stanley, and Perella Weinberg Partners. 
We also organise various initiatives such as workshops and external speaker events for our members. Our past events have included an Investing Workshop conducted by Point72 investment professionals, an Investment Careers Panel with GIC, and fireside chats with industry veterans such as Shane Duffy (CIO, Global Specialist Equity Team – J.P. Morgan Asset Management) and Terri Duhon (Chair of the Board – Morgan Stanley Investment Management).

Q: Do I need prior investing experience to join the Oxford Alpha Fund Bootcamp?
A: No you don't - we would like to see you apply to the OAF Bootcamp as long as you have an interest in finance and investing ,regardless of your background or your course of study. Over the course of the Bootcamp, participants will be introduced to the fundamentals of financial valuation and analysis, such as how to look at companies and businesses, how to read financial statements, and how to create financial models. We are therefore on the lookout for individuals who, even without prior experience, are able to express a keen interest in the field and display a knack for problem solving and detail-oriented analysis. 
We traditionally recruit a large portion of our analyst class from promising participants at the OAF Investing Bootcamp. We therefore strongly encourage 1st years to apply to our Bootcamp programe. 

Q: What differentiates Oxford Alpha Fund from other finance-related societies at Oxford?
A: What differentiates Oxford Alpha Fund is our focus on personal development - we believe in the value of learning by doing. Beyond organising events and talks, our members work together in teams to generate investment theses and identify investment opportunities through financial valuation. They are challenged to build proprietary financial models to develop thoughtful, rigorous fundamental research, which are critiqued by industry veterans from leading banks and hedge funds. These include termly stock pitches which propose specific stock to short/long, as well as industry reports which focus on industry-level analysis of trends, opportunities and risks. You can see some of the past works of our members at https://www.oxfordalphafund.com/publications
Ultimately, our members develop their investing acumen by pursuing a rigorous course of directed self-study, while benefiting from training with our proprietary resources, research partners, and guidance of senior analysts and portfolio managers. They become better investors, and hone core skills and financial competencies which set them apart during job applications and interviews, enabling them to secure top jobs at investment banks such as Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan, as well as asset managers like Point72 and BlackRock.