Q: How many games do you have?
A: Usually 2 per term, not counting small events.

Q: How long are the games?
A: Regular games are one week long.

Q: What is Pirate Punting?
A: Pirate Punting (done during Trinity) is an afternoon game done in teams on different punts.
We spray each other with water pistols and try to win different objectives.
Jumping from punt to punt (and falling the river) is allowed (and very fun).

Q: What is Zombies?
A: Traditionally a week long game with two teams: Zombies and Survivors.
The Zombies can infect the Survivors to turn them into one of their own.
The final event may involve the living Survivors trying to escape Left 4 Dead style.

Q: What are the final events like?
A: The final events are usually played in University Parks and involve large scale battles.
Frequently, there are additional objectives, such as finding some objects.
The final event is worth a lot of points and the final winner heavily depends on it.

Q: What are the regular daily events like?
A: They are usually smaller events, lasting from 15 minutes to an hour.
Common ones are King of The Hill, guarding a location, pushing a payload, etc.
Events are worth more points than a single kill, but less than the final event.

Q: How and why do you "kill" other players?
A: There are different types of kills such as melee, ranged, traps, attack animals and others.
The specific methods allowed may vary from game to game.
You should try to kill players from other teams in order to score points for your team.

Q: Do I need to ambush other players?
A: No, but this is very encouraged (and fun).
Ambushing before/after lectures is an easy tactic to score some kills.

Q: Are there any taster sessions?
A: Usually yes, but due to Corona we cant't have them this year (at least not this term).

Q: What is the plan consider the Corona situation?
A: We plan to stick to mostly online stuff for this term.
We also want to do one longer slower paced game without events.
If the regular games sound interesting, you should definitely sign up so you can join once we can hold them.

Q: Are the games violent?
A: Not really, unless you consider Nerf guns violent.

Q: Who runs the games?
A: Each game has its own Umpire who designs the events and arbitrates.

That may be the Guild Master but is frequently some other active member of the guild.

Q: Do I need a Nerf gun/other equipment?
A: Not at the start, but we recommend getting one if you enjoy the games.

We also have some number of guns to loan to new players.

Q: Is there a membership fee?
A: Yes, a 2 pound lifetime membership fee.
You will need to pay before your first real game.