Q: What is the Oxford Climate Society (OCS) and what do you do? 
A: The Oxford Climate Society is one of the largest student led societies within Oxford University with the purpose of informing and educate the next generation of informed climate leaders. We run weekly events with world leading climate experts on a wide diversity of topics. Some of our past speakers include Mary Robinson, Patricia Espinosa, Kevin Anderson and Dr Vandana Shiva. We also run educational programmes throughout the year, including our award winning School of climate change seminar programme, delivered by leading Climate academics from Oxford University. This year it will be in an online format and applications open so we encourage you all to apply if interested! We also run the world’s largest student-led climate journal, Anthroposphere. And over the longer term, we are working with the university to develop net-zero policies and also incorporate climate change into the Oxford curriculum.

Q: How can I get further involved with OCS?
A: Beyond attending our weekly events, there are many ways to get involved with OCS: For example, we run sustainability workshops which help guide students (and staff) who want to push their college to create more sustainable policies. We also run the Oxford School of Climate Change which is a selective group of students that undertake a award-winning holistic seminar series on climate change. We encourage all interested students to apply via the link on our website. Our Media team are also always looking for contributes to the OCS blog as well as positions in social media and as photographers. Lastly, we often open up positions to get involved with our sub-committees to help work on the various projects we have at OCS, so do sign up to our newsletter and various social media platforms to stay tuned for announcements on these positions!

Q: What happens if I miss the live-streamed YouTube events? 
A: All of our events, (at the permission of our speakers) are uploaded after the live-stream directly to our YouTube channel so you can watch on demand wherever and whenever you like! The only difference is that you won't get the opportunity to ask questions to the speaker as we take requests via the live-chat box on the YouTube live-stream. 

Q: Are there Opportunities for more Art-based students within OCS?
A: Yes, absolutely. At OCS we are working to diversify the ways to engage with climate change that span all the ways from the sciences to the arts. So if you enjoy writing, there are opportunities to write for our blog. We also have our own Zine, RISE, where we welcome all forms of work, from poetry to art to music. We also have cut and stick sessions which you can get involved with. In addition, we are increasingly covering the topics of art and how we communicate climate change within our weekly events.