What is Improv?
Improvised comedy, or Improv for short, is a type of theatre without a script: dialogue, plot points, dramatic twists and even characters are made up on the fly, often based on audience suggestions. Improv can be anything from a quick 20 second sketch to an hour long show. While it might seem scary at first, this lack of script makes taking part in improv dynamic, exciting, and just as interesting for the actor as the audience. Its always spontaneous, sometimes silly and never the same twice!
What is the House Of Improv?
We are an improv group who put on shows and who run workshops for any student to attend, whether they want to take to the stage themselves or just have a bit of fun! We aim to create a friendly, supportive and inclusive space where people can let down their inhibitions and just say the first thing that comes into their head! 
Do I have to have done it before?
No! Our open workshops start with the assumption that you’ve never tried improv before, and builds up from there, and coming one week doesn’t commit you to coming next week. Improv is easy to learn and great fun, so please come along and have a go! 
How will improv be socially distant?
Due to covid-related woes, we are currently planning to run our workshops virtually, at least for Michelmas term, over Zoom. Never before has it been so easy to do improv in your pyjamas! We’re keen to experiment with the unique challenges and opportunities online improv presents us with, but we’ll also be giving out a take home Intro to Improv, that should run you through everything you need to try out in person improv with your bubble-friends.
Can I join the House of Improv? 
Yes! Each year we recruit new members through a series of relaxed auditions. These are for everyone, from first timers to experienced improvisers and run similarly to our open workshops. Being a member means getting to do even more improv and the opportunity to perform in some shows too, which in the past have included the Edinburgh and Brighton fringe festivals! Due to virus, the nature and timing of these auditions is still uncertain, but it is easy to stay informed…
How to stay informed about our events and workshops?
Like our Facebook pages ‘The House of Improv Open workshops’ and ‘The House of improv’ to receive updates about this term’s activities! 
Do I have to join?
Absolutely not! Open workshops are designed to allow non-members to continue practicing improv with us, so that no one misses out on the fun! There is no commitment to these sessions, so you can attend as often as you wish.