Q: What is the stem cell register?
A: The stem cell register is a genetic data bank into which all potential donors are entered. If someone needs a donation, their information is run through the register to find out whether or not there is a suitable donor. While chances to find a donor vary due to a number of factors, the larger the database, the larger the chance to save a life!

Q: What does signing up to the register involve? Do I have to give blood?
A: Signing up is the first step. Once you're registered, your information is stored on the register for 30 years. After that, nothing really happens until there's a genetic match. this may happen extremely quickly, it can also take years, or never happen at all. But if there is a match, you will be asked to donate either stem cells via the bloodstream or be asked to donate bone marrow, depending on the situation. Both procedures are entirely painless!

Q: How often do people usually donate?
A: If there is a match, you will be asked to donate. After the donation is complete (in some cases, you may be called upon to donate multiple times for the same person) you will be taken off the register for two years. After two years, you will be asked whether or not you want to re-join. If you do, there may be another chance of you saving a life!

Q: What does volunteering with us involve?
A: It depends. If you decide to join the committee, you will help in organizing and running events such as fundraisers and donor recruitment across the university, as well as be in contact with UK Marrow and participate in various conferences, regional and national. If you decide to volunteer outside the committee, you can help us run the events on the day itself and help us advertise them on your college's JCR and with your friends.

Q: Are there medical conditions preventing me from donating?
A: Yes. When you fill in the form to register, it will ask you to provide medical background. On the basis of this, it will be determined whether you are eligible to donate. There is a catalogue as well of the various conditions that need to be disclosed and how far they do or do not impact you wanting to donate.

Q: Are there any health risks in donating stem cells/bone marrow?
A: While no medical procedure is entirely risk free, there are virtually no risks associated to donating bone marrow/stem cells. You will probably feel under the weather for a couple of days, and that's mostly it. Maintaining trust in the procedure is critical to save as many lives as possible, so all necessary precautions are taken.