Q: What are our most popular events?
A: 
Our two most popular annual events are the Diwali Ball and Holi.
The annual Diwali Ball is our most prolific event. Last year we transformed the Oxford Town Hall into a spectacle of lights, music, and culture. As well as musical entertainment, we had Bollywood-style photo booths, henna stalls, an abundance of food and… unlimited drinks and cocktails. All proceeds went to charity – we raised a total of £10,000 to support SNEHA, who work with communities to improve health outcomes of vulnerable women and children in India.
Our annual OxHoli event is Oxford’s biggest colour fight celebrating Holi, the Hindu Festival of Colour! Even though Holi is actually in March we hold our event in Trinity Term (May), when the weather is better. 
Unfortunately we were not able to have these events this year because of the COVID-19 pandemic and lockdown measures. But we look forward to celebrating it we next can, and it will be even bigger, better and more colourful than last year’s.

Q: What have we been doing during lockdown?
A:
Trinity Term last year was all virtual... so we had to do run our events a little differently. First up, we had our popular Big Fat Desi Quiz on Zoom, on all topics Desi ranging from Bollywood and cricket to religion and history. 
We also had our first ever speaker series with talks on topics from politics, sustainability, Indian music and religion in collaboration with other societies - Oxford India Society (OIS) and South Asian Arts Society and Cambridge Uni Hindu Society. You can check them out on our YouTube channel... and we'll have more to come.
Because of the lockdown measures inevitably many of our events will the virtual again, but we're keen to hear suggestions from you so let us know at the Freshers fair or drop us a message on Facebook.

Q: How can you follow our events and get involved?
A:
Make sure to follow us on Facebook and Instagram to stay up to date on what's happening or you can join our mailing list - we'll add you on at Freshers fair. You can always drop us a message if you have any questions or suggestions.
Our committee changes every year as well so you'll have a chance to run events, fundraise, give back to the community and more. Joining the team is a great way to make more Desi friends (who can be hard to come across particularly in Oxford!) and learn about the culture (and boost the CV a little too).