Q: Who are the Oxford Companions of the Order of Malta?
A: We are one of the largest student volunteering groups in Oxford, volunteering with the homeless community, children with special educational needs and elderly members of the community who may suffer from isolation.

Q: What types of activities can I get involved with?
A: We have a wide range of activities. Our flagship project runs on a Saturday morning, where we provide a drop-in for members of the homeless community. We also distribute food to the homeless community directly on the streets most weekday evenings and mornings. On top of this, we 'visit' (currently online) to help combat loneliness and hope to soon be able to resume our workshops for children with special educational needs.

Q: What is the time commitment?
A: Our volunteering is designed to be as flexible as operationally possible. We send a single email at the start of each week, where you can sign up for activities happening that week. There is no need for a regular commitment.
Q: I haven't volunteered in this way before, what training is available?
A: All of our projects are run by an experienced volunteer who has been equipped to guide and support new volunteers. You will never be expected to perform a task your are unsure about.
Q: How safe is volunteering in the current climate?
A: We are currently in the process of a phased resumption of our projects, all in line with government COVID-secure guidelines. All volunteers and guests without an exemption are required to wear face coverings and great care has been taken to ensure social distancing between volunteers, including installing dividing screens where necessary. As part of a national charity, we are in frequent discussions with the relevant authorities including public health and law enforcement. Therefore, we hope that all our volunteers and guests will find our projects to be a safe environment in an uncertain climate.

Q: Are you a religious organisation? Do I have to be religious to join?
A: The Order of Malta is a Catholic religious order, the only sovereign state not to have its own land, and one of the world's oldest charitable organisations. This unique heritage gives our activities a unique flavour, but in no way imposes any sort of religious obligation on volunteering. Our volunteers come from a wide range of backgrounds, of all faiths and none. All we ask is that you share in our common sense of care for the sick and the poor.