Q: How can I find out more?
A: Check our Facebook group ( https://www.facebook.com/ousfg/ ) and/or sign up to our mailing list (email: ousfg-announce-subscribe@maillist.ox.ac.uk ) for details of our meetings. We'll post to both fora just as soon as we know ourselves! Or you can contact us directly at ousfg2020@gmail.com . Or see below for some immediate answers to some common questions.

Q: What are you interested in?
A: Everything that can loosely be described as "speculative fiction", or booksellers categorise as science fiction, fantasy, or horror. Any medium: books, TV, movies, games, comics, mind-meld.

Q: What sort of meetings do you do?
A: We meet once a week, via Zoom at the moment, for a discussion. This can mean serious discussions on futuristic topics or particular authors, light hearted debates about what thing is the best, a presentation on a particular topic one of our members is interested in and thinks everyone else should be too (this could be you!), collaborative story-telling, or social games. We also hope to have an invited speaker, an author or expert.

Q: What will you be doing this term?
A: We are still planning. Our first proper meeting of the year is always "Desert Planet Books" where we discuss what books we would want with us, should we get stranded on a desert planet, again. Come along to make the case for your favourite underrated book or just get some new recommendations. We also plan on playing "Werewolf", a party game about finding a murderous traitor within a group. We have our own version of the rules, carefully honed over many years, and now even have a prototype online app to allow us to play over Zoom.

Q: Which authors will you have to speak?
A: We are still confirming a speaker for (probably) this term. In recent years, we have had Owen Cotton-Barratt (from the Future of Humanity Institute), Bradley P. Beaulieu (Fantasy author and expert in world-building), and Frances Hardinge (award-winning YA author and former OUSFG president).

Q: Can I borrow your books?
A: Yes! OUSFG also has a 900-book library of our own from which members can freely borrow books, though we're still figuring out how to safely do this in current times.

Q: How can I participate?
A: Just join any of our Zoom meetings, advertised on Facebook or the mailing list. It's all free!